Diff allowed us to compare the changes in text, which ultimately helped spot a typo that was made in modifications. Without the usage of a difference
function, we would have had to spend significant time in manually scanning code to see what went wrong.

Easy access of a files history allows us to revert back to previous versions without manually making changes. In this respect, we can then
revert to a previous point in time before the code stopped working, or we canned an unecessary feature, etc..

What are the pros and cons to manually choosing when to commit, versus automatically saved versions?
Pro: Logical sectioning of work, as opposed to semi-random sectioning as a result of automatic save points
Pro: Can save at any time for any reason as required, versus requiring waiting on the autosave function.
Con: Heavy dependence on users triggering, no save occurs if hte user forgets.
Con: Requires triggering by the user, i.e. the user has to consciously stop programming to force a commit, and therefore
     may distance themselves from the programming task.

Version control systems like Git allow saving multiple files in one commit most likely due to the programming nature of the system.
In this respect, the addition of a feature or resolving of a bug may span more than one document at a time, therefore to encapsulate
the whole change in a more organized fashion, multiple files may need changing over a single commit in length.

The usage of git log and git diff allow us to view a log of all the commits that have occurred since the initialization of the repo,
in this respect, commits are ordered from newest at the top to oldest at the bottom. This log list gives us the ability to grab git ID's
on commits, which then enable us to compare the changes of code between two different versions via git diff

Version control makes up more confident to make larger changes which might break the program, as
the git diff commands and version control functions make comparisons between versions easy.Through
easy version comparison, the time required to debug and isolate problems which break functions is
significantly reduced, and therefore makes us less hesitant to make changes to the program.





